(Leaked by pale-w) (Original File No Modification has been made.)
10 September, 2023

Activision , Blizzard presents Call of Duty (c) : Modern Warfare 3
The Game includes:
Warzone 2 New Generation (DLC)
Call of Duty (c) Translation (DLCs)
and more!

Requirements : 
 CPU : Intel Core i3 Gen 10
 RAM : 8 GB
 GPU : NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960 or AMD Radeon RX 470 
 Video Memory Min : 2048MB
 Space : 120 GB Available Space on Disk (Depends on platforms)
 Sound card: DirectX compatible

The game will be available on:
 Steam (79.99€) (84.99$) (86.99£) (599.99TRY)
 Blizzard (75.99€) (79.99$) (84.99£) (Non Available in Turkey)
 PSN (84.99€)
 
  Beta Versions:
 Key (16.99€) (14.99$) (19.99£)

Skins Included with Beta Registriation:

 Ghost Regen
 Captain Price
 
Activision's New Terms for Call of Duty (c) : Modern Warfare III [:


















1. ELIGIBILITY
A.   In order to use certain Products you may be required to:

meet minimum age requirements - see Sections 1 and 10

agree to Third Party Terms - see Section 15

open an account operated and provided by Activision - see Section 10

B.   Subject to any applicable Product age ratings, restrictions and Account requirements, Products are made available to individuals aged 13 or older. If you are aged 13 but under 18 years of age, you and your parent or guardian must review this Agreement and the Privacy Policy together. Parents/ guardians are jointly and severally liable for all acts (including purchases and payments for Service Provided Content) and omissions of their children aged under 18 years when using a Product. Activision recommends that parents and guardians familiarize themselves with parental controls available on Devices they provide to their child and accompany their child if aged under 13 years of age, or the applicable age in your jurisdiction, when online.

2. ACCESS AND COSTS
You acknowledge and agree that you will provide at your own cost and expense the equipment, Internet or other connection charges, required to access and use the Product. Activision makes no warranty that the Product can be accessed on all personal computers, games consoles, smartphones, tablets or other devices (each, a "Device", or in the plural, "Devices"), by means of any specific Internet or other connection provider, or in all countries.

YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY THIRD PARTY COSTS YOU INCUR TO USE THE PRODUCT.

3. LICENSE
A.   Activision grants you a personal, limited, non-exclusive license to use the Product for your non-commercial use. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, this license granted to use the Product is non-transferable. You may not rent, lease, lend, sell, redistribute or sublicense the Product. You may not copy (except as expressly permitted by this license and any other applicable terms, conditions, or usage rules), decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Product, any updates, or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent allowed by applicable law or to the extent as may be permitted by the licensing terms governing use of any open sourced components included with the licensed application). You may not remove or alter Activision's or its licensors trademarks or logos, or legal notices included in the Product or related assets. Any attempt to use the Product in breach of the terms of this Agreement is a violation of the rights of Activision and its licensors. The terms of this Agreement will govern any upgrades provided by Activision that replace and/or supplement the Product, unless such upgrade is accompanied by a separate (and/or updated) agreement in which case the terms of that agreement will govern.

B.   If the Product is an App then unless expressly authorized by Activision in writing installation and use is restricted to an authorized Device; and you are prohibited from making a copy of the App available on a network where it could be used or downloaded by multiple users.

C.   The license rights granted to you herein are also subject to the limitations set forth below. Any use of the Product in violation of these limitations is a serious violation of the Agreement, subjects you to immediate termination of your license and, if you are a resident outside North America, additional consequences set out in Section 14(B)(iii), and will be regarded as an infringement of Activision's copyrights and other rights in and to the Product. You agree that you will not, under any circumstances:

i.    use, develop, host or distribute cheats, automation software (bots), modded lobbies, hacks, mods or any other unauthorized third-party software in connection with the Product, or engage in any form of cheating, boosting, or booting;

ii.    exploit or reverse engineer the Product (or any of its parts), for any commercial purpose, including without limitation (a) to enable use at a cyber cafe, computer gaming center or any other location-based site without the express written consent of Activision; (b) for gathering in-game currency, items or resources for sale outside the Product; (c) performing in-game services in exchange for payment outside the Product, e.g., power-leveling; or (d) the sale of accounts, log-in information, or other Product materials, access, or rights;

iii.    use any unauthorized third-party software that intercepts, "mines", or otherwise collects information from or through the Product;

iv.    except as authorized by Activision in writing, host, provide or develop matchmaking services for the Product, or intercept, emulate or redirect the communication protocols used by Activision in any way, for any purpose, including without limitation unauthorized play over the internet, network play, or as part of content aggregation networks;

v.    facilitate, create or maintain any unauthorized connection to the Product, including without limitation (a) any connection to any unauthorized server that emulates, or attempts to emulate, the Product; and (b) any connection using programs or tools not expressly approved by Activision in writing;

vi.    violate any applicable law or regulation in connection with your use of Product;

vii.    disrupt or assist in the disruption of: (i) any computer, device or server used to support the Product; or (ii) any other player's use of a Product;

viii.    interfere or attempt to interfere with the operation of the Product in any way through any means or device including, but not limited to, launching a denial of service attack, spamming, hacking, or uploading computer viruses or time bombs; or

ix.    reproduce, distribute, display, transfer or use any part of the Product except as expressly authorized by Activision; or

x.    scrape, copy, aggregate, redistribute, alter, reproduce or re-use any user's (whether specific to any particular user or as an aggregation) information accessible through the Product. You understand that access to the Product may result in access to other user's names, screen names, email addresses and other information as set out in the Privacy Policy available at https://www.activision.com/legal/privacy-policy ("Personal Information") which is protected by applicable data protection and privacy laws and regulations. You understand, acknowledge and agree that any Personal Information from other users constitute the confidential information of Activision.

4. BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER
READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT OR TO PURSUE CLAIMS IN A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY.

These BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER provisions apply to you if you are domiciled in and/or acquired and use the Product in the United States.  In the United States, this Agreement is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”) and federal arbitration law.  These provisions may also apply to you if you are domiciled in and/or acquired and use the Product from outside the United States. See JURISDICTION AND APPLICABLE LAW below for details.

To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, you and Activision agree to submit all Disputes between us to individual, binding arbitration pursuant to the provisions in this Section 4.  A “Dispute” means any dispute, claim, or controversy (except those specifically exempted below) between you and Activision that in any way relates to or arises from any aspect of our relationship, including, without limitation, your use or attempted use of the Product, all marketing related to the Product, all Services, Service Provided Content, and Virtual Currency, any licensed content, and all matters relating to or arising from this Agreement (including Activision’s Privacy Policy and all other terms incorporated into this Agreement) or any other agreement between you and Activision, including any disputes over the validity or enforceability of this agreement to arbitrate.  A Dispute shall be subject to these BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER provisions regardless of whether it is based in contract, statute, regulation, ordinance, tort (including fraud, misrepresentation, fraudulent inducement, or negligence), or any other legal or equitable theory.  This includes claims or requests for relief that accrued before you entered into this Agreement.  You understand that there is no judge or jury in arbitration and that court review of an arbitration award is limited.

Initial Dispute Resolution:  Activision's Customer Support department is available at https://support.activision.com/ to address any concerns you may have regarding the Product. Most concerns are quickly resolved in this manner to our customers' satisfaction. In an effort to accelerate resolution and reduce the cost of any Dispute between us, you and Activision agree to first attempt to negotiate any Dispute informally for at least thirty (30) days before either party initiates any arbitration or court proceeding (the “Initial Dispute Resolution Period”).  That period begins upon receipt of written notice from the party raising the Dispute.  If Activision has a Dispute with you, it will send notice of that Dispute to your billing address and email address you have provided to us.  If you have a Dispute with Activision, you must notify us in writing at the following email address: legalaffairs@activision.com, using the subject line “Initial Dispute Resolution Notice.”  Your notice of Dispute must be individual to you and must include your name, the screen name and/or email address associated with your player account, and your residential address.  The notice of Dispute also must describe the Dispute, explain the facts of the Dispute as you understand them, and tell Activision what you want us to do to resolve the problem.  The parties shall use their best efforts to settle any Dispute directly through consultation and good faith negotiations, and you agree that a notice of Dispute containing all of the information required above, followed by at least 30 days of good faith negotiation, are preconditions to either party initiating a lawsuit or arbitration.  A notice of Dispute will not be valid, will not start the Initial Dispute Resolution Period, and will not allow you or Activision later to initiate a lawsuit or arbitration, unless it contains all of the information required by this paragraph.  If either of us commences an arbitration without having previously provided a valid and compliant notice of Dispute, you and Activision agree that the applicable arbitration provider (or the arbitrator, if one has been appointed) must suspend the arbitration until the party that initiated it complies with the Initial Dispute Resolution Period.  You and Activision authorize the arbitration provider or the arbitrator to decide summarily whether the party that commenced an arbitration complied with the Initial Dispute Resolution Period requirement, relying solely on this Agreement and the notice of Dispute (if any) that you or Activision provided before commencing arbitration.

Binding Arbitration: If a Dispute cannot be resolved through negotiations during the Initial Dispute Resolution Period, then either party may initiate binding arbitration as the sole means to formally resolve the Dispute, unless an exception applies as stated below.  Except in the event of a Mass Arbitration (as defined below), the arbitration will be administered by JAMS in accordance with the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures (the “JAMS Rules”) effective as of the date of the Notice of Dispute, which are available at the JAMS website, http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-streamlined-arbitration, as modified by this Agreement.  If, for any reason, JAMS is unable to provide the arbitration, then except as otherwise stated below, you may file your Dispute with any national arbitration company that handles consumer arbitrations following procedures that are substantially similar to the JAMS Rules. 

Arbitration hearings may be conducted by videoconference unless the arbitrator believes an in-person hearing is necessary.  In such instances, the location of an arbitration hearing will be decided pursuant to the JAMS Rules. For residents outside the United States, arbitration shall be initiated in Los Angeles County, California, and you and Activision agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of any federal or state court in Los Angeles County, California, in order to compel arbitration, to stay proceedings pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate, or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.

The arbitrator will make a decision in writing but need not provide a statement of reasons unless requested by a party. The arbitrator must follow applicable law. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on you and Activision, and any award of the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. 

The arbitrator shall determine the scope and enforceability of this arbitration agreement, including whether a Dispute is subject to arbitration. The arbitrator has authority to decide all issues of validity, enforceability or arbitrability, including, but not limited to, where a party raises as a defense to arbitration that the claims in question are exempted from the arbitration requirement or that any portion of this agreement is not enforceable.

If a lawsuit filed in court includes claims or requests for relief that are arbitrable and claims or requests for relief that are not, you and Activision agree that any non-arbitrable claims or requests for relief shall be stayed pending the completion of the arbitration of the arbitrable claims or requests for relief.

Class Action Waiver:  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND ACTIVISION AGREE THAT EACH PARTY MAY BRING DISPUTES AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY ONLY IN AN INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A CLASS ACTION, COLLECTIVE ACTION OR CLASS ARBITRATION, OR AS A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL.  To the extent applicable law does not permit waiver of private attorney general claims, but permits them to be arbitrated, then such claims shall be resolved in arbitration.  The arbitrator shall be empowered to grant whatever relief would be available in a court under law or in equity.

If any provision in Section 4 of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable, that provision shall be severed with the remainder of this Agreement remaining in full force and effect. The foregoing shall not apply to the prohibition against class or collective actions as provided for above. This means that if the prohibition against class or collective actions is found to be unenforceable for any reason, the entire Section 4 of this Agreement (but only Section 4) shall be null and void.

Exception - Litigation of Intellectual Property and Small Claims Court Claims: Notwithstanding the parties' decision to resolve all disputes through arbitration, either party may bring an action in state or federal court that only asserts claims for patent infringement or invalidity, copyright infringement, moral rights violations, trademark infringement, and/or trade secret misappropriation, but not, for clarity, claims related to the license granted to you for the Product under this Agreement. Such claims are subject to the  jurisdiction and applicable law provisions in Section 5. 

Either party may also seek relief in a small claims court for any individual disputes or claims within the scope of that court's jurisdiction. If an arbitration is filed, before the arbitrator is formally appointed either party can send written notice to the opposing party and the applicable arbitration provider that it wants the case decided by a small claims court, after which the arbitration provider may close the case.

Exception – Mass Arbitration Before FedArb: Notwithstanding the parties’ decision to have arbitrations administered by JAMS, if 20 or more demands for arbitration are filed relating to the same or similar subject matter and sharing common issues of law or fact, and counsel for the parties submitting the demands are the same or coordinated, you and we agree that this will constitute a “Mass Arbitration.” If a Mass Arbitration is commenced, you and we agree that it shall not be governed by JAMS Rules or administered by JAMS. Instead, a Mass Arbitration shall be administered by FedArb, a nationally recognized arbitration provider, and governed by the FedArb Rules in effect when the Mass Arbitration is filed, excluding any rules that permit arbitration on a class-wide basis (the “FedArb Rules”), and under the rules set forth in this Agreement. The FedArb Rules are available at https://www.fedarb.com/ or by calling 1-650-328-9500. You and we agree that the Mass Arbitration shall be resolved using FedArb’s Framework for Mass Arbitration Proceedings ADR-MDL, available at https://www.fedarb.com/. Before any Mass Arbitration is filed with FedArb, you and we agree to contact FedArb jointly to advise that the parties intend to use FedArb’s Framework for Mass Arbitration Proceedings ADR-MDL. The individual demands comprising the Mass Arbitration shall be submitted on FedArb’s claim form(s) and as directed by FedArb. You and Activision agree that if either party fails or refuses to commence the Mass Arbitration before FedArb rather than JAMS, you or Activision may seek an order from JAMS compelling compliance and directing administration of the Mass Arbitration before FedArb. Pending resolution of any such requests, you and we agree that all arbitrations comprising the Mass Arbitration (and any obligation to pay arbitration fees) shall be stayed.

30 Day Right to Opt Out: You have the right to opt-out and not be bound by the arbitration agreement and class action waiver provisions in this Section 4 by sending written notice of your decision to opt-out to the following email address: legalaffairs@activision.com, using the subject line “Arbitration Opt-Out.” The notice must be sent within 30 days of purchasing the Product (or if no purchase was made, then within 30 days of the date on which you first access or use the Product and agree to these terms); otherwise you shall be bound to arbitrate disputes in accordance with the terms of this Section 4. If you opt-out of these arbitration provisions, Activision also will not be bound by them.

5. JURISDICTION, AND APPLICABLE LAW AND CONTRACTING PARTIES
The Product is made available subject to the terms of this Agreement. If you acquired and use the Product from:

A.   For residents in the United States, Mexico or Canada, then any claims or requests for relief arising out of this Agreement (including interpretation, claims for breach, and all other claims or requests for relief (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims)) will be subject to the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to conflict of laws principles. If any court or arbitrator determines that the "Class Action Waiver" paragraph set forth above is void or unenforceable for any reason or that an arbitration can proceed on a class basis, then any and all claims arising out of this Agreement (including interpretation, claims for breach, and all other claims or requests for relief (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims)) shall be decided under the laws of the state where you were a citizen at the time you obtained or bought the Product that was subject to this Agreement. In addition, you and we irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of state or federal courts in Los Angeles County, California to resolve any claims or requests for relief that are subject to exceptions to the arbitration agreement described in BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER above, or otherwise determined not to be arbitrable.  Nothing in this paragraph shall preclude you or Activision from removing to federal court a case originally filed in state court, if federal court jurisdiction exists.  To the fullest extent permitted by law, any claim or request for relief in a demand for arbitration filed pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement, as well as any claim or request for relief in a lawsuit filed in court under an exception to the arbitration agreement in Section 4, shall be barred if filed more than two (2) years after the date that the claim or request for relief accrued.

B.   For residents in the European Union and the United Kingdom, then the laws of England and Wales govern the interpretation of this Agreement and apply to claims for breach of it, without reference to conflict of laws principles. All other claims, including claims regarding consumer protection laws, unfair competition laws, and in tort, will be subject to the laws of the European Union country (e.g., the French Republic, or the Federal Republic of Germany) or the United Kingdom in which you acquired and use the Product. In addition, with respect to jurisdiction, you may choose either the courts of the country (e.g., the United Kingdom, the French Republic, or the Federal Republic of Germany) in which you acquired and use the Product, or in the alternative the courts of England and Wales or other court as applicable under the Brussels Regulation EC 44/2001.

C.   For residents in Australia or Japan, then the laws of Australia govern the interpretation of this Agreement and apply to claims for breach of it, without reference to conflict of laws principles. All other claims, including claims regarding consumer protection laws, unfair competition laws, and in tort, will be subject to the laws of the country in which you acquired and use the Product (being either Australia or Japan). To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to the jurisdiction of the courts of New South Wales, Australia.

D.  For residents in the Rest of the World, if you acquired and use this Product from countries other than those listed in sections A, B and C above, then you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable, and you expressly indemnify and hold harmless Activision from any and all claims, loss, injury, damage, or costs arising from your use of the Product to the extent permitted by applicable law. No warranty or representation is made by Activision that the Product or any use of the Product outside of the countries listed in sections A, B and C above complies with any applicable local law. Further your use of the Product and all claims arising out of or related to the Product or this Agreement will, to the extent permitted under applicable law, be subject to the laws of England and Wales, without reference to conflict of laws principles and you consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.

To the extent permitted by applicable law, you and Activision agree to waive rights to a trial by jury.

E. Contracting Parties

For residents in the United States, Mexico, or Canada, you are contracting with Activision Publishing, Inc., 2701 Olympic Blvd., Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404.

For residents in EMEA (Europe including United Kingdom, Middle East and Africa, Russia), you are contracting with Activision Blizzard UK Ltd, The Ampersand Building, 178 Wardour Street, London, United Kingdom, W1F 8FY

For residents in LATAM (excluding Mexico), when using the Product on:

-        the Battle.net platform as well as any Nintendo platforms, you are contracting with  Activision Publishing, Inc. of 2701 Olympic Blvd., Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404

-        any other platforms (including Sony and Microsoft Xbox console platforms or through a mobile device), you are contracting with Activision Blizzard International LLC of 2701 Olympic Blvd., Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404

For residents in Korea, (except when using the Product through a mobile device which is excluded) you are contracting with Blizzard Entertainment Limited of 15F, Parnas Tower, 521, Teheran-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, Korea

For residents in APAC (excluding Korea), when using the Product on:

-        the Battle.net platform as well as any Sony and/or Nintendo platforms, you are contracting with  Activision Publishing, Inc. of 2701 Olympic Blvd., Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404

-        a mobile device (except in the following territories which are excluded: Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan, South Korea, Vietnam, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, Philippines, Singapore, Laos, Brunei, Myanmar, Cambodia, and East Timor) you are contracting with Activision Blizzard International LLC of 2701 Olympic Blvd., Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404

-        any other platforms (including Microsoft Xbox console platforms), you are contracting with Activision Blizzard International LLC of 2701 Olympic Blvd., Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404.

6. SERVICES
Separate from any license to use the intellectual property of Activision or its licensors set out in Section 3 above, some Products also contain game features or content that are only accessible through online hosting and/or other online services and functionality provided by Activision ("Services"). As detailed in Section 2, you will provide Internet access necessary to use these services at your own cost and expenses. All such Services are provided to you by Activision on a personal, non-commercial and non-transferable basis. All such Services are provided subject to the terms of this Agreement and Activision's Privacy Policy, and such additional terms, if any, as may be applicable to such Services.

7. USE OF DATA
FOR FULL DETAILS ABOUT HOW ACTIVISION COLLECTS, STORES AND USES PERSONAL AND OTHER INFORMATION, PLEASE SEE THE PRIVACY POLICY AVAILABLE AT

https://www.activision.com/legal/privacy-policy.

YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR REVIEWING, AND AGREE TO REVIEW, ACTIVISION'S PRIVACY POLICY AND THE PRIVACY POLICIES LISTED IN THE ACTIVISION PRIVACY POLICY, INCLUDING THOSE OF APPLICABLE THIRD PARTIES THAT MAY COLLECT INFORMATION VIA THIS PRODUCT. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO REVIEW THOSE PRIVACY POLICIES OR IF YOU ARE CONCERNED ABOUT THE INFORMATION THEY MAY COLLECT, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE PRODUCT.

8. USER GENERATED CONTENT
A.   The Product may include message boards, content sharing features, and other means by which you and other users may share content that you create ("UGC"). To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, by submitting any UGC (including without limitation, images, videos, customer service submissions, idea submissions, suggestions and message postings) you automatically grant (or represent and warrant that the owner of such rights has expressly granted) Activision a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, sub-license, create derivative works from and distribute such UGC or incorporate such UGC content into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the universe, and agree that Activision shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the UGC for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation, notice or attribution. You waive and agree not to assert any moral or similar rights you may have in any of your UGC.

B.   To the extent the Product permits other users to access and use your UGC, you also grant all other users of the Product the right to use, copy, modify, display, perform, create derivative works from, and otherwise communicate and distribute your UGC on or through the Product without further notice, attribution or compensation to you.

C.   You represent and warrant that any UGC you provide (i) does not and will not violate any third party intellectual property rights and/or any other person's rights, including, without limitation, any privacy rights and/or so-called "moral rights"; and (ii) its use as contemplated herein does not and will not require the payment of any royalty or any consideration to a third party. You may not upload or post any UGC that infringes the copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights of a third party nor may you upload any UGC that violates any third party's right of privacy or right of publicity, or may require the payment of a royalty or other consideration to a third party. You are responsible and liable for any UGC you place on or through the Product, including the transmission, posting, or other provision of text, files, links, software, photographs, video, sound, music or other information or material. You may only upload your own UGC to the Product; do not upload anyone else's UGC.

D.   Activision has no obligation to monitor, approve, verify, or prescreen any UGC that you and other users may contribute to or through the Product. Activision reserves the right (but has no obligation) to remove, block, edit, move or disable UGC for any reason in Activision's sole discretion. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Activision does not assume any responsibility or liability for your UGC or that of other users, or for any failure to monitor, edit, or remove UGC. You agree that you shall not hold Activision liable for any loss or damage arising from the contents of any UGC (yours or another user's) including without limitation in respect of any defamation, harassment, or false endorsement claims.

E.   Listed below are some, though not all, serious violations that may result in Activision terminating or suspending your access to the Product and/or restricting your ability to access and/or post UGC and, if you are a resident outside North America, additional consequences set out in Section 14(B)(iii). You agree not to do any of the following actions while using the Product:

i.    Harass, threaten, embarrass or cause distress or discomfort upon another participant, user, or other individual or entity;

ii.    Transmit any UGC that Activision considers to be disruptive, unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, hateful, or racially, sexually, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;

iii.    Impersonate any person or entity, including but not limited to Activision;

iv.    Disrupt normal Product functionality, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other participants and/or the overall Product experience;

v.    Post or transmit any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, or any other forms of solicitation;

vi.    Intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable law, regulation or treaty while using or accessing the Product;

vii.    Post multiple posts of the same content (e.g., "spam"); or

viii.    Invade the privacy or violate or infringe any right of any person or entity, including, without limitation, any intellectual property right.

F.   ACTIVISION DOES NOT ENDORSE, OR GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY, EFFICACY OR VERACITY OF, ANY UGC GENERATED BY USERS.

G.   Some Products may permit you to share certain information about yourself with the public, including people who may not be registered users of the Product, and the public may access and use that information and associate it with you. You acknowledge and confirm that you have no expectation of privacy when using such Product features, including without limitation, uploading or submitting UGC; comparing your statistics, personal bests and leaderboards against other users; searching for other users by username; discovering events that other users have signed up for, and linking to social media accounts that publicly display user information. See Section 10.E below for further details.

9. COPYRIGHT NOTICE
A.   Activision respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects its players and the users of its services to do the same. If you believe that any content appearing in the Product and/or UGC has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please forward the following information to the Copyright Agent named below.

B.   Please be aware that to be effective, your copyright infringement notification must comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"). You are encouraged to review 17 U.S.C. Â§ 512(c)(3) of the DMCA or consult with an attorney prior to sending a notice hereunder.

C.   To file a copyright infringement notice, you will need to send a written communication that includes the following to the address listed below:

A.    Your name, address, telephone number, and email address;

B.    A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;

C.    The exact URL or a description of where the alleged infringing material is located;

D.    A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;

E.    An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; and

F.    A statement by you, under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

Activision Publishing, Inc.

2701 Olympic Blvd., Building B, Santa Monica, California 90404

Attn: Activision Business and Legal Affairs

Fax: (310) 255-2152

E-Mail: legalaffairs@activision.com

G.   Please note that the DMCA provides that you may be liable for damages (including costs and attorney fees) if you knowingly misrepresent that material or activity is infringing. Please also note that the information provided in your copyright infringement notice may be provided to the person responsible for the allegedly infringing material.

]

